All right.
What a journey.
So we've done a lot from start, we put together a very simplistic app that we call the Beskind, where
we learn the basics of compose.
So to get us excited, right?
And of course, we ramped up our skills and we put together a little bit more complex user interface
with this in this tip calculator application.
Then we moved on to create something a little bit more advanced all along, learning more about computers.
So we created this movie app as we call this, where we can list all the movies and add the pictures
from a URL creating data classes, and then make sure that there was some sort of an application which
was really important to learning in development in mobile.
Android compose development, right?
So when the users clicked each one of these roles, they would get to a details page.
OK, and then we learn how to persist data in a very simple chat note app where we could save data to
a room.
So in this case, we learned a lot.
Right?
So we learned about database, how to create a room database using dependency injection, part of clean
architecture, really.
And structure our app that way.
OK.
And of course, we continue and put together another application.
We call it trivia app, where we pull data from a JSON file somewhere on the internet.
And we structure it so that each trivia question came with the choices and we showed them and we showed
those choices as buttons so users can select the correct or wrong choice in this case.
And, of course, adding points and so forth.
So we also learned how to deal with structuring a fairly complex application that has data.
And of course, our final app was this amazing application.
Here we called the reader, which allows us to log in users using Firebase at a base US right, create
users, log them in and add books, and delete update books and structure our user interface to where
we can select books that have been read books are being that we are reading and books that we no longer
want to read, or we finished or can delete them.
And there were a lot of things that we learn here.
We had a few sections dedicated to building this full fledged capstone application, so a lot that has
been done here.
So what we did?
Yes, we learned a lot.
So we started with codling programming language, so started from the basics.
For those of you who wanted a refresher, we learned from Basics Kotlin intermediate and advanced concepts,
which were proven to be very useful in our compose development journey.
And of course, the jetpack compose.
That's where we learn about fundamentals of compose, state hosting, dependency injection, clean architecture,
a few models of repositories, Dow's room and retrofit and Firebase Auth and so forth.
These are just a few things that we, in summary we've touched in this course, which is a lot.
Now the question is always the same what's next?
Well, next, I would really encourage you to keep learning in one ways.
To learn or keep learning is to go to this GitHub account, which is hosted by the engineers to Google
engineers who build compose.
So there are a lot of sample apps they can look at, and it's always important to look at those apps.
You can actually download them and run on your Android studio so you can see how things are done.
That's the best way to learn, really.
OK.
So head over there and take a look.
And then, of course, he go to the source of everything.
If you go to developing that Android dot com jetpack compose, you've got a lot of information there.
It's always the place to go, especially as Jetpack Compose grows because this is still the beginning
of jetpack compose and it will continue to grow and there will be some changes.
That's the thing about new technologies.
They're still working on it, even though it's stable at this point.
But there will be some changes, so it's always to keep up with what they're changing with the changes,
with the update.
So always go to that site again.
Thank you so much.
If you got to this point, well, congratulations.
You deserve you deserve the world, really.
And I really appreciate you being here.
I really appreciate you choosing me choosing this course to learn compose.
It's a continuing journey, and I hope you continue along and thank you.
I hope you learned a lot.
Thanks.
I'll see you next time.